#summary Project status, responsible persons and due dates
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

Project status, responsible persons and due dates  are given in the table below 

= Status overview =

||*Component*||*Responsible*||*Status*||*Milestone*||*Remarks*||
||[GUI]||Paul||Partially  implemented||M1|| ||
||[Interpreter]||Anton||Implemented||M1|| ||
||[AutoComplete]||Marcel||Partially  implemented||M1||(voor SQLExpress server database graag een script/batch voor het aanmaken van een nieuwe database ivm svn)||
||[Sounds]||Maarten || ||M1|| ||
||[TextToSpeech]||Marc|| ||M2|| ||
||[HID]||Rob/Sjors||Ready||M1|| ||
||[Hardware]||Willem/Sjors||Ready*||M1||* Database server is running but could not test it with project||

== Milestones ==
 * *M1* 1st release
 * *M2* 1st upgrade

== To do ==
_Sjors/Rob_
 * Button hardware should be reconsidered
_Marc_
 * ~~Command window of text to speech should be hidden and closed when the program is closed~~
 * TTS se to male voice.
_Marcel_ 
 * Make batch file that imports the correct data to the database (run SQL command "Generate AutoComplete Database.sql") _the script now on the SVN could not find a server on the BoxPC_
_Marcel/Anton_
 * Make sure that the wordCnt starting value are ok after a database reset
 * Create database in code when not exist.
_Anton_
 * ~~Disable typing with normal keyboard in the Output textbox~~ 
 * ~~Covert all letters on screen to upper case (so they are better readable) auto word suggestions not upper case yet~~
 * Remove debugging buttons/boxes from the main form
 * ~~Use monospace letters (every char on the screen should have the same width) ==> update also font in buttons and settings form~~
 * Add text to speech button on main form keyboard
 * ~~Finish the settings menu layout~~
 * ~~Check maximum word length of auto suggestion words (also make buttons wider~~
 * Define max word length in autocomplete.cs.
 * Auto scroll down in output txt box when more than two line are enterd.
_Willem_
 * Test WPF on the BoxPC
 * Setup database on the BoxPC correctly
_Paul_
 * Make it possible to switch on and off functions
 * Make release version and add this version to the download section
 * Finish the settings menu implementation
 * ~~Start with scanning after character/button is selected. Do not automatic restart when no button is selected.~~
 * ~~Increase contrast between letter and background~~
 * ~~Increase contrast between selection bar and letter~~  
 * ~~Fix button color only ok after on time scanning.~~ 
 * ~~Start scanning in auto suggestion list after pressing auto button~~
_Everyone_
 * ~~Add Joost specific words to "Joost_woorden.csv" in folder "woordenlijsten" on the SVN server.~~
 * Add Joost_woorden.CSV to database.
_not assigned tasks_
 * Autostart program
 * Adjust resolution to 1024 `*` 768 (current resolution of BoxPC) and make sure that the buttons fit on the screen
 * Make it possible to switch of next word prediction
 * Make it possible to clear the next word database
 * Set the frm  to full screen no windows bar. 
== Known issues ==
 * SQL sever: "SQLEXPRESS" fixed instance in code (if problem use "local")

== Possible issues ==
 * When SQL connection is lost auto word completion does not work anymore
 * Path in SQL file for database generation ("Generate AutoComplete Database.sql") is fixed

== Results first demo for Joost ==
Use software version r82 for demonstration to Joost on 13-11-2009.
Note that the auto completion database was working during the demonstration. 
 * ~~Increase font size of output and autosuggestion fields~~
 * ~~covert all letters on screen to upper case (so they are better readable)~~
 * ~~Use monospace letters (every char on the screen should have the same width)~~
 * ~~Print underscore "`_`" in stead of space " " (give user feedback when space button is pressed)~~
 * ~~Auto start scanning after a letter is selected. Do not automatic restart when no button is selected.~~
 * Button hardware should be reconsidered
 * ~~Increase contrast between letter and background~~
 * ~~Increase contrast between selection bar and letter~~
 * Optional: make font adjustment per individual key possible (request of Ad)
== Optional features ==
 * Make is possible for Joost to type some sentences in advance and save, email or SMS them.  
* Center the text in setting buttons menu to te left.





  
  
 